release: v1.51.0 (#5642)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_timeout_and_rate_limit_error.md

> ### Request timeout and rate limited error responses are structured errors ([PR #5578](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5578))
> 
> Request timeout (`408 Request Timeout`) and request rate limited (`429 Too Many Requests`)errors will now result in a structured GraphQL error (i.e., `{"errors": [...]}`) being returned to the client rather than a plain-text error as was the case previously.
> 
> Also both errors are now properly tracked in telemetry, including `apollo_router_graphql_error_total` metric. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Return request timeout and rate limited error responses as structured errors ([PR #5578](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5578))

The router now returns request timeout errors (`408 Request Timeout`) and request rate limited errors (`429 Too Many Requests`) as structured GraphQL errors (for example, `{"errors": [...]}`). Previously, the router returned these as plaintext errors to clients.

Both types of errors are properly tracked in telemetry, including the `apollo_router_graphql_error_total` metric. 
```
